Fix broken links in MM docs (#1594)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: services/reference/optimism/json-rpc-methods/index.md

# JSON-RPC methods

The standard Ethereum methods documented here are supported by Infura on the Optimism network. For custom Optimism
methods, see [Optimism Ethereum JSON-RPC API documentation](https://docs.optimism.io/builders/node-operators/json-rpc) (Bedrock release).

:::info

> The Optimism Bedrock migration supports different JSON-RPC methods. Refer to the [Optimism Bedrock documentation](https://docs.optimism.io/stack/getting-started#the-op-stack-today) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Optimism Bedrock migration supports different JSON-RPC methods. Refer to the [Optimism Bedrock documentation](https://docs.optimism.io/builders/node-operators/json-rpc) for more information.
```
Perhaps just link to the API docs here?

Author: I am not sure the statement makes sense if we link to the same doc. What happened with the Bedrock migration? Are the Optimism Ethereum and Bedrock  JSON-RPC now the same?

Reviewer: The Bedrock migration happened a while ago. I think even Optimism has removed references to Bedrock from it's pages. So perhaps just remove the adminition.
